---
tags:
  - journaling
  - growth
  - stoic
---


### 📓 Reflection
> [!question] What’s occupying your mind? 
> *A reflection on the day. Free text, just let your brain do its thing.*

Another good reflection today for me ([[2025-10-30]]). The whole idea of seeing the life flying before you and you not taking time for you because you need to do some work, or there’s a new show on TV, or I’m just going to do this one more thing that will not be enriching, makes you really think about how you need to take the time for yourself. Mike Birbiglia had a funny joke about falling asleep to a book and why should he read wondering if there was a movie adaptation.

The point is that we are on this planet only once. And as we make sure that we are good people and keep our humanity true, it’s also important to enrich ourselves. So I’m starting it now (well, once I’ve put together my new office ([[🏡 Home Renovations]])). I need to be better at taking a beat and spending time to do things that are fruitful: read a few pages of a book, study something new, listen to a podcast, do a course on LinkedIn. After that, time will come for me to play video games and all that (which, I must say, are moments that I enjoy — the good for nothing brain rotting moments.)

I need to start a simple habit of reading. It could be a page or 2. It could even just be “pick book”. Something that is minuscule but could have impact (“Atomic Habits” like).




> [!hint] Remember
> *What was something that you should remember*

My chat with Mike Hamill was a good one. I think I should lean more on him. 


> [!success] Learn
> *What was something that you didn't know or that you perfected?* 

Today I put together some furniture for our new, revamped, office. I am good at that stuff! 


> [!info] Cherish
> *What was something that was good about the day?*

Pu pu platter for 1. It acted as lunch. It was tasty, even if it was not the best Chinese food. 