---
tags:
  - journaling
  - stoic
---


### 📓 Reflection
> [!question] What’s occupying your mind? 
> *A reflection on the day. Free text, just let your brain do its thing.*

I’m going to try something different here. I’m going to ponder on the stoic quote for the day to act as a prompt, in a way. Or at least for me to weave my reflection.

Today’s quote is all about how we need each other ([[2025-10-28]]). All about how we cannot exist in isolation. This is, of course, a tie back to humanity and a tie back to how we need to help each other, in any way that we can. At work it could be as simple as helping a colleague with some work or making a connection. At home is reflected through love, and that is something that I need to keep showing my family (Allison, Pedro, and Filipe. And of course Ace.) Because the only way that we can exist as human beings is if we keep humanity alive. It’s quite the realization. 

Even if introverts are more isolationists, and I do like time for myself and to be cut off from the world (almost a “don’t bug me” attitude), there is a need to stay close to each other and to reinforce that sense of humanity. At the end of the day, it will make us better people. And that’s what we have to strive for. 

Today was a tough day at work. Not because anything bad happened, but because it was just go go go with no breaks. It was exhausting. But I did leave work at a reasonable time for me to  come home and get a workout in before dinner. I have this sense that if I workout I am calmer or at least not so much on edge. However, I did raise my voice at Pedro when he was just trying to learn how to do something. I need to cut him some slack. He’s only 12 and I feel I am way stricter on him than on Filipe, who is much more impish than his brother. Pedro is a very good kid and he is one that does better when people are supportive and show him through love and care how special he is. That needs to be my focus every day. 


> [!hint] Remember
> *What was something that you should remember*

Plan the day in advance. I need to be better at it. 


> [!success] Learn
> *What was something that you didn't know or that you perfected?* 

I perfected some of my #rskills ahead of sharing a new and revamped script to the #fl111 team that allows them to do their plate reader analyses faster.


> [!info] Cherish
> *What was something that was good about the day?*

Filipe had a very funny retort today, when he was getting dressed.  Told him it was going to be cold. He asked Alexa what the weather was going to be like and the AI responded “high of 54”. I reiterated cold. He goes “yeah, 54 but feels like 86”. That was funny. ❄️☀️
