---
tags:
  - journaling
---


### 📓 Reflection
> [!question] What’s occupying your mind? 
> *A reflection on the day. Free text, just let your brain do its thing.*

Today's #stoic reflection was about #character ([[2025-10-29]]). I really liked that angle. It's essentially how I like to live my life, to make sure that we understand that each person that we meet and we interact with has something to offer. That it doesn't matter where you went to school, which job you hold, how important you are. Because at the end of the day we need each other, as humans. That's, at least, how I interpret that quote. And in philosophy it's all about how you interpret the text.

A great example of that mindset in action are my interactions with more junior team members from companies like #abiologics or #fl110. In each case these teams are very junior, but I take each one of them as contributing to the overall goal of driving computation at the companies that they work at. I value their contributions and I try to have them see my point of view when necessary, or adding to their knowledge when I have something to share, be it technical or personal. For example, I told a team member from Abio that it's important to take vacation. That even if she enjoys working, it's always important to recharge. If she can do that, she'll be happier, and in turn more productive. 

I don't know why I found that reflection to be so good to me. I wonder where, in my upbringing, that came from. But it's definitely there, well rooted in my persona. I hope that I can transmit to Pedro and to Filipe to do the same. They're still young, so it's fine, but start to make them understand the value of people and how we should behave and interact with our fellow humans. At the end of the day, it's about humanity and realizing that we all need each other. 


> [!hint] Remember
> *What was something that you should remember*

Family is more important than stipulated hypothetical timelines. 


> [!success] Learn
> *What was something that you didn't know or that you perfected?* 

Single cell versus single nuc sequencing data differences. Asked Scott about it, got really good info. Now it's on me to put it to practice for the work that Chiara wants me to do. [[2025-10-28 KPMP address analysis]]


> [!info] Cherish
> *What was something that was good about the day?*

Chocolate babka at Abiologics. It's because of that that I can't lose weight... 😄