---
tags:
  - daily
---


> [!tip]
Today is a new day! Breathe in, breathe out, and get ready to face the world. You got this! 

## 🧘🏻‍♂️ Positivity for the day
*Some wisdom to focus the day on*

> [!cite]
> Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be. Be one. — _Marcus Aurelius_ #wisdom
> 



---
## ✅ Things to do

> [!todo]
> ```tasks
> due today
> not done
> ```

- [x] Check for roofing company ‘ 📅 2025-10-14 ✅ 2025-10-15
- [x] reach out to comp bio team #abiologics 📅 2025-10-14 ✅ 2025-10-14
- [x] Slides for SOB #abiologics 📅 2025-10-14 ✅ 2025-10-14
- [x] Slides to meet with John and Jim #explorations 🛫 2025-10-14 ✅ 2025-10-14


---
## 🚨 Overdue

> [!attention]
> ```tasks
> not done
> ```

---
## 📓 Reflection
> [!question] What’s occupying your mind? 
> *A reflection on the day. Free text, just let your brain do its thing.*

I’m in need to a reset, to clear my mind of all the negativity. There are many thoughts that run across my mind on how unhappy I am at work, all the things I’m feeling with respect to not doing what I thought I would be doing at Flagship, how my experience and expertise is kinda shoved off to the side these days. I have to continue getting my paycheck and not giving a fuck, while looking for a new job or opportunity. Continue to network, I guess. This is a shitty time to be looking for a job, but it is what it is. 

I’m reaching out to my network. I chatted with Matt and Scott, I need to chat with Chad, and I will reach out to Topher and Tommy.



> [!hint] Remember
> *What was something that you should remember*


> [!success] Learn
> *What was something that you didn't know or that you perfected?* 



> [!info] Cherish
> *What was something that was good about the day?*

